feat: v29 (#12488)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

For self-hosted users, `GOPROXY`, `GONOPROXY` and `GOPRIVATE` environment variables are supported ([reference](https://golang.org/ref/mod#module-proxy)).

> Usage of `direct` will fallback to Renovate-native release fetching mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage of `direct` will fallback to the Renovate-native release fetching mechanism.
```

> Also we support `off` keyword which immediately will stop any fetching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also we support the `off` keyword which will stop any fetching immediately.
```

## platformAutomerge

> If you have enabled `automerge` and set `automergeType=pr` in the Renovate config, then you can also set `platformAutomerge` to true to speed up merging via the platform's native automerge functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have enabled `automerge` and set `automergeType=pr` in the Renovate config, then you can also set `platformAutomerge` to `true` to speed up merging via the platform's native automerge functionality.
```

This option is available for Azure, GitHub and GitLab.
It falls back to Renovate-based automerge if the platform-native automerge is not available.

> You can also fine tune the behavior by setting `packageRules` if you want to use it selectively (e.g. per-package).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also fine-tune the behavior by setting `packageRules` if you want to use it selectively (e.g. per-package).
```

> If you rely on Renovate's behavior of rebasing automerging branches when `rebaseWhen=auto`, then note that you are no longer guaranteed of up-to-date branches when automerging if you enable platform automerge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `rebaseWhen=auto` and `platformAutomerge=true` are not fully compatible.
Normally when you set `rebaseWhen=auto` Renovate rebases any branch that's behind the base branch automatically.
This behavior is no longer guaranteed when you enable `platformAutomerge`.
```

How about something like this?

Not sure if the text matches the code/behavior, so check before applying this suggestion.

> If you rely on Renovate's behavior of rebasing automerging branches when `rebaseWhen=auto`, then note that you are no longer guaranteed of up-to-date branches when automerging if you enable platform automerge, unless you use some type of branch protection rules to achieve the same.

Reviewer: This sentence is too long, and needs to be split up or rewritten. It's too hard and understand in one go.

> If you rely on Renovate's behavior of rebasing automerging branches when `rebaseWhen=auto`, then note that you are no longer guaranteed of up-to-date branches when automerging if you enable platform automerge, unless you use some type of branch protection rules to achieve the same.

Author: ```suggestion
If you rely on Renovate's behavior of rebasing automerging branches when `rebaseWhen=auto`, then note that you are no longer guaranteed of up-to-date branches when automerging if you enable platform automerge.
```

> For example, GitHub might automerge a Renovate branch even if it is one or more commits behind the base branch at the time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, GitHub might automerge a Renovate branch even if it's behind the base branch at the time.
```

I think we can further simplify this text.

This option is available for Azure, GitHub and GitLab.
It falls back to Renovate-based automerge if the platform-native automerge is not available.

You can also fine-tune the behavior by setting `packageRules` if you want to use it selectively (e.g. per-package).

> Note that the outcome of `rebaseWhen=auto` can differ when `platformAutomerge=true` is enable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the outcome of `rebaseWhen=auto` can differ when `platformAutomerge=true`.
```

Maybe this is cleaner now that the text has been changed.
